Add warning to not commit env files (#5363)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/hello-world-smart-contract/index.md

To actually connect these to our code, we’ll reference these variables in our `hardhat.config.js` file on step 13.

<InfoBanner isWarning={true}>

>   Don't commit `.env`: Please make sure to never share or expose your `.env` file with anyone as you can compromise your secrets in doing so. If you are using version control, ensure that you will never commit the file to upstream.

Reviewer: I'd use stronger language here. 

Also backticks won't work inside HTML. Added <pre> tags instead.

```suggestion
Don't commit <pre>.env</pre>! Please make sure never to share or expose your <pre>.env</pre> file with anyone, as you are compromising your secrets in doing so. If you are using version control, add your <pre>.env</pre> to a <a href="https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore">gitignore</a> file.
```

> Don't commit <pre>.env</pre>! Please make sure never to share or expose your <pre>.env</pre> file with anyone, as you are compromising your secrets in doing so. If you are using version control, add your <pre>.env</pre> to a <a href="https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore">gitignore</a> file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't commit <code>.env</code>! Please make sure never to share or expose your <code>.env</code> file with anyone, as you are compromising your secrets in doing so. If you are using version control, add your <code>.env</code> to a <a href="https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore">gitignore</a> file.
```
